# Meeting 1 (18-02)
## Before the meeting

**Things to research:**
- [Rubric](https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/le/content/144556/viewContent/1225591/View)
- [#GoGreen assignment](https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/le/content/144556/viewContent/1222952/View)
- [Scrum](https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/le/content/144556/Home)
    - Why should you use it?
    - What is a scrum master?
    - How are you going to use scrum in the team?
    - How will you document the sprints? (tip: templates)
    - Schedule for taking notes and chairing
- [Git](https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/le/content/144556/Home)
    - How does it work?
    - What is branching?
- [Maven](https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/le/content/144556/Home)
    - What does it do?
    - How do you add a library to the pom file?
    - Have you set the team id?
- Code structure
    - How will you use packages?
- Database options
    - Json
        - Gson
        - Jackson
    - SQL
    - Plain text
- GUI
    - JavaFX
- IDE
    - Eclipse
    - IntelliJ

## Absence check
:heavy_check_mark: or :x: <br/>

:heavy_check_mark: Alex<br/>
:heavy_check_mark: Lucas<br/>
:heavy_check_mark: Sami<br/>
:heavy_check_mark: Shaan<br/>
:heavy_check_mark: Vanessa<br/>

## Approval of the agenda
> Make sure everything that needs to be discussed is in the agenda or add it if something is missing.

## Question round **(TODO)**
> If there are any questions, now is the time to ask them.
- How does checkstyle work?

## Points of action
> The items below are things you should look into after the meeting. During the meeting you can divide (some of) the work between the team members, so that everybody has something to do afterwards.

> Your TA will you for the meeting. Note down all other questions that you have so that you can ask them then.

 - Create a planning and convert it to GitLab issues
 - Discuss a cake rule: If you are late or not there at all, you have to bring cake (or something similar)
 - Assign new notetaker and chair(wo)man

## Any other business
> (Note:) Several documents/reports need to be finished at the end of every week
- Sprint review
- Checkstyle
- "Every week there is a release with a tag"