# Meeting 7 (25-03)
- Chair: Shaan
- Notetaker: Vanessa



## Before the meeting

- Finish up your task of the week, if possible
- Prepare questions for the TA or your fellow team members
- Add or edit the scrum board to reflect your progress



## Absence check
:heavy_check_mark: or :x: <br/>

Alex

Lucas

Sami

Shaan

Vanessa



## Approval of the agenda
> Make sure everything that needs to be discussed is in the agenda or add it if something is missing.

- Check everyone's progress and setbacks
- Assign new tasks to team members if they've finished their previous task
- Check the scrum board to see which issues are still open and divide those among the team
- Discuss the demo and potential setbacks leading up to it
- Solve issues with errors only showing up on certain members' laptops




## Question round
> If there are any questions, now is the time to ask them.
- What are we storing as log - added points? or new total points?)
- What will we print to GUI - added points? or new total points?)
 


## Points of action
> The items below are things you should look into after the meeting. During the meeting you can divide (some of) the work between the team members, so that everybody has something to do afterwards.
> Your TA will you for the meeting. Note down all other questions that you have so that you can ask them then.

The next demo needs to be done only two weeks after this one, so we need to formulate a plan of action to reach the next deadline.
- tbd



## Any other business
> (Note:) Several documents/reports need to be finished at the end of every week
- Finish last week's sprint review
- Set up this week's sprint plan
- Upload a Checkstyle screenshot
- Make a release with a tag
