# Meeting 3 (5-03)
- Chair: Sami
- Notetaker: Alex

## Before the meeting

 - Finish up your task of the week, if possible
 - Prepare questions for the TA or your fellow team members
 - Add or edit the scrum board to reflect your progress

## Absence check
:heavy_check_mark: or :x: <br/>

:heavy_check_mark: Alex<br/>
:x: Lucas<br/>
:heavy_check_mark: Sami<br/>
:heavy_check_mark: Shaan<br/>
:heavy_check_mark: Vanessa<br/>

## Approval of the agenda
> Make sure everything that needs to be discussed is in the agenda or add it if something is missing.

 - Check everyone's progress and setbacks
 - Assign new tasks to team members if they've finished their previous task
 - Talk about testing.
 - Talk about CI, GUI, Vegetarian Meal and API.
 - Check the scrum board to see which issues are still open and divide those among the team


## Question round
> If there are any questions, now is the time to ask them.
 

## Points of action
> The items below are things you should look into after the meeting. During the meeting you can divide (some of) the work between the team members, so that everybody has something to do afterwards.

> Your TA will you for the meeting. Note down all other questions that you have so that you can ask them then.

 Since the second demo needs to be finished soon I think it's important that we focus on combining all our seperate projects into one application. So I propose we (soon) start:
 - Finishing up the seperate branches and making sure they're working well
 - Testing the branches
 - Merging the branches
 - Get started with the API as a group.
 - Finishing up the Vegetarian meal.


## Any other business
> (Note:) Several documents/reports need to be finished at the end of every week
 - Finish last week's sprint review
 - Set up this week's sprint plan
 - Upload a Checkstyle screenshot
 - Make a release with a tag