<h1>Meeting Notes 18 - 02 - 2019</h1>

Chair: Shaan
<br>Notetaker: Vanessa</br>


* API will be used for CO2 calculations
* HTTPS protocol for client/server communication
* Shaan is looking into Heroku for server-side 
* For gamification we've decided to use a point system
	- points stored in a database using postSQL, since we all have experience in it
	- Might implement a high-score list, still undecided
* GUI looked into by Vanessa
	- We will use a builder, which one is not yet decided
* Alex is looking into checkstyle
* The scrumboard must be filled out on GitLab
* We had the best readme!
	- We can get a bonus point if we make our layout more internally consistent
* We went over our PDP's with the TA, our goals seem to align
* Discussed difficulty with merge requests, i.e. merge conflicts and previous merges being deleted
* We must use GitLab for merge requests, NOT sourcetree
* We have to start thinking about what we want the product to look like, to avoid future conflict
