# Meeting notes 18-03-2019
- Chair: Vanessa
- Notetaker: Lucas

### Demo
- For this demo the workflow of eating a vegetarian meal needed to be implemented.
- The demo was good, the TA had no real critiques.
- However, there still is a small bug in the UI, which needs to be fixed.

### Code Coverage

 - Our code coverage is quite low, since we haven't tested the UI.
 - But when we exclude the UI our code coverage is quite good.


### Bugs
- We had two bugs in our project so far.
- One bug is that a button doesn't work like it should, but Vanessa is going to fix this.
- The other bug is that even though the tests for keystore on the HTTPS server work on everyone's computer, they don't work when run from main. We asked our TA, but he didn't know what the problem was either. He'll get back to us about this later.


### Next demo
- The next demo needs to be finished in two weeks, so we'll have to work hard to finish on time. The demo needs four out of the six features, but it's recommended that we implement all six as soon as possible.
- The features also need to be distinct. You shouldn't give all the features a button that calculates the CO2 saved, for example. 


### Next week
- Next week everyone is going to be working on their own 'slice' of the features.
- Alex is going to improve the server.
- Lucas, Sami and Shaan are going to look into the points system.
- Lucas is going to work on gamification.
- Sami is going to work on the API for calculating CO2.
- Vanessa and Shaan are going to keep working on the GUI.